Add docs for x-nextjs-cache header (#36023)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

Images are optimized dynamically upon request and stored in the `<distDir>/cache/images` directory. The optimized image file will be served for subsequent requests until the expiration is reached. When a request is made that matches a cached but expired file, the expired image is served stale immediately. Then the image is optimized again in the background (also called revalidation) and saved to the cache with the new expiration date.

The cache status of an image can be determined by reading the value of the `x-nextjs-cache` response header. The possible values are the following:

> - `MISS` - the is not in the cache (occurs at most once, on the first visit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MISS` - the path is not in the cache (occurs at most once, on the first visit)
```

> - `STALE` - the path is in the cache but exceeded the revalidate time so it will be updated in the background

Reviewer 2: I'm not understanding the revalidate time here as it relates to images.

Reviewer 3: Images can also revalidate: https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/image#caching-behavior

Images are optimized dynamically upon request and stored in the `<distDir>/cache/images` directory. The optimized image file will be served for subsequent requests until the expiration is reached. When a request is made that matches a cached but expired file, the expired image is served stale immediately. Then the image is optimized again in the background (also called revalidation) and saved to the cache with the new expiration date.

> A `x-nextjs-cache` header is exposed which signals if the image was served from cache and not expired (`HIT`), if the image is served from cache but expired and will be updated in the background (`STALE`), or if the image is being requested for the first and was not yet in the cache (`MISS`).

Author: ```suggestion
The cache status of an image can be determined by reading the value of the `x-nextjs-cache` response header. The possible values are the following:
	
- `MISS` - the is not in the cache (occurs at most once, on the first visit)
- `STALE` - the path is in the cache but exceeded the revalidate time so it will be updated in the background
-  `HIT` - the path is in the cache and has not exceeded the revalidate time
```
